it is rewarding now it takes a lot of
time and a lot of commitment there's
times where you know you'll just go
through kind of a dry spell like a slump
like any other athlete wouldn't you know
your horse isn't performing is best or
you're not clicking with a certain horse
or maybe something else is hindering you
but it's very rewarding once you finally
get that as it does take such a long
time to get better a lot of hard work
with a lot of sacrifice
lots of sacrifice early mornings riding
the horses before I guess not huh you
know lots of lots of you know doing
basic stuff or if you have a flat not
always fun stuff cuz y'all I saw your
lesson with Payton and y'all started
what 7 or 6:30 yep yep yeah I tried to
get those horses ridden before the heat
of the day and you know a dazzle you
know performs better in the morning
you know he's a little bit more focused
and you know a little bit hotter he
tends to lose his focus a little bit
quicker
it's definitely humbling though cuz
because the horses are always going to
do their job so usually if something's
wrong it's usually your fault
you know so it's pretty humbling it's a
pretty humbling thing to do and that's
why you see so many of these dedicated
riders there they don't have very
different discipline problems or
anything you know it really teaches you
manners responsibility it's a great
overall sport what do you have in your
future I would love to train I'm
actually thinking about going to
chiropractic school after after my
amateur careers at college right here is
over but I'm always gonna ride always I
don't have a horse to go pro so I love
to go pro but it takes it takes the
right horse to what is that in monetary
terms what would that horse cost oh man
to get one to go pro if you're gonna do
like the fries and a real big-money
class
you could I mean you could probably get
a young one you know and train them
yourselves look if I do that but you can
get a nicely-nicely bloodline young
horse for probably about thirty at
minimum 30,000 and it should get one it
would take a long time to get here and
there and they're good it's not a
guarantee you got to work with it but
you want to buy one that's already been
doing the big stuff and has been doing
the money boxes you're looking to spend
in the the mid 150,000 okay all the way
up to you there's yeah there's
definitely no no cap at that oh we love
the mill who's ready to go he's ready go
on this y'all we're all going now
the trail ride now he wear his ribbon
ties on ya know why not the other horses
might think he's really cool
about that